There are rumors on the Internet that Cui Yan and Lan Kexin broke up
This is ridiculous
Because entertainment gossip reporters can't pull out unfounded gossip
This shows that someone spent a lot of money on the popularity and deliberately fried it.
Do you remember what Wang Yimei's appeal was?
Make them publicly apologize
Then ask the group to remove Cui Yan from his position
So now it seems
Apologizing is a lie
Dismissal is the real purpose
As long as the group removes the strict paper because of the lacy news
Then he can avoid investigation
Is that very likely?
Otherwise, how could someone who cherishes his feathers like Cui Yan expose his ugliness?
He will definitely find a way to suppress it
Just because he said sorry to his wife and felt guilty
Such self-punishment
That's a stretch.
That's right, King Guangping can judge that he has no guilt for him at all because of the torture marks on his body
Now think about it.
What is this Cui Yan doing when he rides his bicycle to work every day?
Isn't that just doing it for others to see?
Yeah, so he is probably a very corrupt official.
What did you come up with?
I didn't expect it either.
But Xiao Zhang told me today
He saw on the Internet that Cui Yan broke up with Lan Kexin
This shows that it is no longer feasible to rely on lawsuits to stir up popularity
He is in a hurry
So I can only rely on buying heat to fry hard
So I figured there must be something wrong with Lancosin.
What do you mean by this?
First of all, news is for people to see
Then their relationship is definitely not a break-up
It's pretty good.
So it's very likely that Lan Kexin was also pulled into the water
So now this news is to deliberately distance Lan Kexin's relationship
If so
Can't you just check it together?
Be fast
I suspect that Lan Kexin has emigrated
How could a popular A-list actress give up a bright future?
The gossip didn't ruin her vision at all
She just saved the donkey downhill